Cloud Part 1 (#23)
kdesai2018/ultimate-hackathon-starting-guide: cloud/README.md

# Cloud (Google Cloud, AWS, Azure)

## What is Cloud?
Cloud services are a way for us to obtain compute, storage, machine learning, and other functionality by offloading the work onto computers somewhere else, usually at some sort of large server farm. It basically means you can pay a little bit of money to get a small computer or database, which you can use for a specific task. The three big cloud providers are:

* [Amazon Web Services (AWS)](https://aws.amazon.com/)
* [Microsoft Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/)
* [Google Cloud Platform (GCP)](https://cloud.google.com/)

> All three of these providers have their own consoles, documentation, and services, but they still allow you to do the same thing: buy a computer short-term that resides somewhere far away from you. The biggest types of services that cloud offers are compute and storage. Compute means the ability to buy a computer to perform a specific task, and storage means the ability to buy a database where you can store a large amount of information in a secure manner. All three providers also have services for many other functions such as game development, machine learning, robotics, blockchain, you name it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All three of these providers have their own consoles, documentation, and services, but they still allow you to do the same thing: rent a computer short-term that resides somewhere far away from you. The biggest types of services that cloud offers are compute and storage. Compute means the ability to rent a computer to perform a specific task, and storage means the ability to buy a database where you can store a large amount of information securely. All three providers also have services for many other functions such as game development, machine learning, robotics, blockchain, you name it.
```
